feat: add environment mode per phase (#2595)
TimefoldAI/timefold-solver: docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/running-timefold-solver/solver-diagnostics.adoc

Each phase can override the solver's environment mode with a stricter mode of its own.
This is useful when you suspect that a bug is introduced during a specific phase:
instead of paying the performance cost of a stricter mode (such as `<<environmentModeFullAssert,FULL_ASSERT>>`) for the entire solver,
you enable it for only the phase under suspicion, while the other phases keep running at a faster mode.

A phase's environment mode must be at least as strict as the solver's environment mode; it can never be less strict.
Any number of phases can override it while
the solver's global environment mode still applies outside these phases.
If the solver's global environment mode is `<<environmentModeNonReproducible,NON_REPRODUCIBLE>>`,
no phase can override it,
because every other mode is <<environmentModeReproducibility,reproducible>> and therefore stricter.

NOTE: A phase that runs in a different environment mode than the solver gets its own score director.
With the xref:constraints-and-score/score-calculation.adoc#constraintStreams[Constraint Streams] API,
that means a second constraint network is built for that mode.

> It is built once and reused, but it is not free: prefer overriding the phases you actually want to inspect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is built once and reused, but it is not free: only override the phases you actually want to inspect.
```

Unlike all the other modes,
this mode doesn't use any fixed <<randomNumberGenerator,random seed>> unless one is provided.

[#environmentModePerPhase]
=== Using different environment modes per phase

By default, every phase of the solver - such as xref:optimization-algorithms/construction-heuristics.adoc#constructionHeuristicsOverview[Construction Heuristic] and xref:optimization-algorithms/local-search.adoc#localSearchOverview[Local Search] - runs in the solver's environment mode.
If the solver's environment mode is not explicitly configured, that is the default `<<environmentModePhaseAssert,PHASE_ASSERT>>` mode.

Each phase can override the solver's environment mode with a stricter mode of its own.
This is useful when you suspect that a bug is introduced during a specific phase:
instead of paying the performance cost of a stricter mode (such as `<<environmentModeFullAssert,FULL_ASSERT>>`) for the entire solver,
you enable it for only the phase under suspicion, while the other phases keep running at a faster mode.

A phase's environment mode must be at least as strict as the solver's environment mode; it can never be less strict.

> Any number of phases can override it, including all of them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any number of phases can override it while
```

> the solver's environment mode still applies outside the phases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the solver's global environment mode still applies outside these phases.
```

> If the solver's environment mode is `<<environmentModeNonReproducible,NON_REPRODUCIBLE>>`, no phase can override it,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the solver's global environment mode is `<<environmentModeNonReproducible,NON_REPRODUCIBLE>>`, no phase can override it,
```

because every other mode is <<environmentModeReproducibility,reproducible>> and therefore stricter.

If every phase ends up in the same environment mode, that mode becomes the solver's environment mode too,

> since no phase is left running in the configured one.

Reviewer: IMO wrong and unexpected, as explained above.

[NOTE]
====
A phase that runs in a different environment mode than the solver gets its own score director.
With the xref:constraints-and-score/score-calculation.adoc#constraintStreams[Constraint Streams] API,
that means a second constraint network is built for that mode.
It is built once and reused, but it is not free: prefer overriding the phases you actually want to inspect.

> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: A phase that runs in a different environment mode than the solver gets its own score director.
With the xref:constraints-and-score/score-calculation.adoc#constraintStreams[Constraint Streams] API,
that means a second constraint network is built for that mode.
It is built once and reused, but it is not free: prefer overriding the phases you actually want to inspect.
```

[NOTE]
====
The solver's environment mode also applies outside the phases,
including to xref:using-timefold-solver/modeling-planning-problems.adoc[`SolutionManager`] operations,
so a stricter solver-level mode makes those slower as well.

> ====

Reviewer: What does this mean? How is `SolutionManager` affected by solver config phases?

Author: `SolverManager` uses the default score director factory to retrieve the constraint model as an example. Following our discussion about the global not being switched to the phase environment, this comment will be removed.
